feat(terser): parallel execution (#1341)
rollup/plugins: packages/terser/README.md

# @rollup/plugin-terser

> 🍣 A Rollup plugin to generate a minified output bundle wiht terser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🍣 A Rollup plugin to generate a minified output with terser.
```

Author: done

The plugin accepts a terser [Options](https://github.com/terser/terser#minify-options) object as input parameter,
to modify the default behaviour.

> Besides, the terser options, it is also possible to pass the option `maxWorkers`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the `terser` options, it is also possible to provide the following options:
```

Following this line, the `maxWorkers` should be documented in the same format as the options in other plugins. e.g. https://github.com/rollup/plugins/blob/master/packages/alias/README.md#options

## Credits

> The original terser plugin was developed by [TrySound](https://github.com/TrySound) but is not
> maintained anymore.
> The current implementation is developed and maintained by [tada5hi](https://github.com/tada5hi).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Based on [`rollup-terser-plugin`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/rollup-plugin-terser), moved here with permission.
```

We tend not to tag individual maintainers.

Author: That is fine, but than i would rather remove this line. Besides, sharing the logic for 10 lines of source code, the implementation vary and the term "moved" is defintly wrong!
